capital = 430

#oob = ""

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

recruit_character = BAN_pot
recruit_character = BAN_aco2
recruit_character = BAN_mt
recruit_character = BAN_ar
recruit_character = BAN_fascist_guy
recruit_character = BAN_acd2
recruit_character = BAN_ncm
recruit_character = BAN_ai2
recruit_character = BAN_acas
recruit_character = BAN_democratic_guy
recruit_character = BAN_aa2
recruit_character = BAN_awt
recruit_character = BAN_coi
recruit_character = BAN_stc
recruit_character = BAN_acgs
recruit_character = BAN_nccr
recruit_character = BAN_ncs
recruit_character = BAN_nt
recruit_character = BAN_communist_guy
recruit_character = BAN_acr


set_convoys = 5

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = conservative_democrat
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	conservative_democrat = 60
	liberal_democrat = 5
	social_democrat = 25
	fascism = 5
	radical_socialist = 0
	authoritarian_socialist = 5
	anarchist = 0
	authoritarian = 0
	monarchism = 0
}