capital = 311

#oob = ""

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 5

recruit_character = BLZ_communist_guy
recruit_character = BLZ_aa2
recruit_character = BLZ_ar
recruit_character = BLZ_acd2
recruit_character = BLZ_acr
recruit_character = BLZ_coi
recruit_character = BLZ_acas
recruit_character = BLZ_awt
recruit_character = BLZ_pot
recruit_character = BLZ_nccr
recruit_character = BLZ_aco2
recruit_character = BLZ_democratic_guy
recruit_character = BLZ_ncs
recruit_character = BLZ_acgs
recruit_character = BLZ_ncm
recruit_character = BLZ_mt
recruit_character = BLZ_nt
recruit_character = BLZ_ai2
recruit_character = BLZ_fascist_guy
recruit_character = BLZ_stc

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = conservative_democrat
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 54
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	conservative_democrat = 34
	liberal_democrat = 28
	social_democrat = 17
	fascism = 7
	radical_socialist = 3
	authoritarian_socialist = 9
	anarchist = 0
	authoritarian = 2
	monarchism = 0
}