capital = 769

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 0

recruit_character = BRD_communist_guy
recruit_character = BRD_aa2
recruit_character = BRD_ar
recruit_character = BRD_acd2
recruit_character = BRD_acr
recruit_character = BRD_coi
recruit_character = BRD_acas
recruit_character = BRD_awt
recruit_character = BRD_pot
recruit_character = BRD_nccr
recruit_character = BRD_aco2
recruit_character = BRD_democratic_guy
recruit_character = BRD_ncs
recruit_character = BRD_acgs
recruit_character = BRD_ncm
recruit_character = BRD_mt
recruit_character = BRD_nt
recruit_character = BRD_ai2
recruit_character = BRD_fascist_guy
recruit_character = BRD_stc

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = conservative_democrat
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	conservative_democrat = 25
	liberal_democrat = 15
	social_democrat = 15
	fascism = 15
	radical_socialist = 0
	authoritarian_socialist = 15
	anarchist = 0
	authoritarian = 0
	monarchism = 15
}
