capital = 288

#oob = ""

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 5

recruit_character = BRM_acgs
recruit_character = BRM_acr
recruit_character = BRM_stc
recruit_character = BRM_ncm
recruit_character = BRM_democratic_guy
recruit_character = BRM_communist_guy
recruit_character = BRM_coi
recruit_character = BRM_pot
recruit_character = BRM_aa2
recruit_character = BRM_awt
recruit_character = BRM_acas
recruit_character = BRM_mt
recruit_character = BRM_nccr
recruit_character = BRM_ai2
recruit_character = BRM_ncs
recruit_character = BRM_aco2
recruit_character = BRM_acd2
recruit_character = BRM_nt
recruit_character = BRM_ar
recruit_character = BRM_fascist_guy

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = social_democrat
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	conservative_democrat = 6
	liberal_democrat = 2
	social_democrat = 77
	fascism = 1
	radical_socialist = 3
	authoritarian_socialist = 7
	anarchist = 0
	authoritarian = 4
	monarchism = 0
}