capital = 774

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 0

recruit_character = CHA_acas
recruit_character = CHA_communist_guy
recruit_character = CHA_ncs
recruit_character = CHA_awt
recruit_character = CHA_pot
recruit_character = CHA_fascist_guy
recruit_character = CHA_ai2
recruit_character = CHA_nt
recruit_character = CHA_aco2
recruit_character = CHA_ar
recruit_character = CHA_acr
recruit_character = CHA_mt
recruit_character = CHA_stc
recruit_character = CHA_aa2
recruit_character = CHA_acgs
recruit_character = CHA_ncm
recruit_character = CHA_nccr
recruit_character = CHA_coi
recruit_character = CHA_democratic_guy
recruit_character = CHA_acd2

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = authoritarian
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	conservative_democrat = 15
	liberal_democrat = 10
	social_democrat = 10
	fascism = 10
	radical_socialist = 0
	authoritarian_socialist = 15
	anarchist = 0
	authoritarian = 35
	monarchism = 5
}
