capital = 315

oob = "CUB_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	early_fighter = 1
}

recruit_character = CUB_josé_agripino_barnet
recruit_character = CUB_guillermo_cabral
recruit_character = CUB_wenceslao_carmona
recruit_character = CUB_gregorio_morales
recruit_character = CUB_fidel_castro
recruit_character = CUB_enrique_c_rolas
recruit_character = CUB_palaez_menendez
recruit_character = CUB_domingo_r_del_toro
recruit_character = CUB_eduardo_chibas
recruit_character = CUB_juan_blas_hernandez
recruit_character = CUB_sergio_carbo
recruit_character = CUB_fulgencio_batista
recruit_character = CUB_rodrigo_a_fuentes
recruit_character = CUB_sandalio_junco
recruit_character = CUB_salvador_castaneda_castro
recruit_character = CUB_angel_gonzalez
recruit_character = CUB_julio_sanguily
recruit_character = CUB_carlos_prio
recruit_character = CUB_gerardo_machado
recruit_character = CUB_eugenio_molinet_castro


set_country_flag = monroe_doctrine
set_war_support = 0.1
set_convoys = 20

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = liberal_democrat
	last_election = "1936.1.10"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	conservative_democrat = 13
	liberal_democrat = 27
	social_democrat = 16
	fascism = 10
	radical_socialist = 0
	authoritarian_socialist = 14
	anarchist = 0
	authoritarian = 17
	monarchism = 0
}