capital = 776

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 10

recruit_character = DAH_stc
recruit_character = DAH_aco2
recruit_character = DAH_aa2
recruit_character = DAH_ncs
recruit_character = DAH_nt
recruit_character = DAH_acas
recruit_character = DAH_acd2
recruit_character = DAH_democratic_guy
recruit_character = DAH_mt
recruit_character = DAH_ai2
recruit_character = DAH_coi
recruit_character = DAH_acr
recruit_character = DAH_pot
recruit_character = DAH_awt
recruit_character = DAH_communist_guy
recruit_character = DAH_ncm
recruit_character = DAH_acgs
recruit_character = DAH_nccr
recruit_character = DAH_fascist_guy
recruit_character = DAH_ar

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = conservative_democrat
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	conservative_democrat = 33
	liberal_democrat = 17
	social_democrat = 22
	fascism = 1
	radical_socialist = 0
	authoritarian_socialist = 17
	anarchist = 0
	authoritarian = 4
	monarchism = 6
}