capital = 297

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 10

recruit_character = EQG_ncm
recruit_character = EQG_acd2
recruit_character = EQG_democratic_guy
recruit_character = EQG_fascist_guy
recruit_character = EQG_coi
recruit_character = EQG_ar
recruit_character = EQG_aa2
recruit_character = EQG_awt
recruit_character = EQG_acgs
recruit_character = EQG_mt
recruit_character = EQG_nccr
recruit_character = EQG_aco2
recruit_character = EQG_nt
recruit_character = EQG_communist_guy
recruit_character = EQG_pot
recruit_character = EQG_acas
recruit_character = EQG_acr
recruit_character = EQG_stc
recruit_character = EQG_ai2
recruit_character = EQG_ncs

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = conservative_democrat
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	conservative_democrat = 37
	liberal_democrat = 15
	social_democrat = 12
	fascism = 14
	radical_socialist = 2
	authoritarian_socialist = 18
	anarchist = 0
	authoritarian = 2
	monarchism = 0
}