capital = 550

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 10

recruit_character = ERI_awt
recruit_character = ERI_acd2
recruit_character = ERI_nt
recruit_character = ERI_aco2
recruit_character = ERI_acas
recruit_character = ERI_acr
recruit_character = ERI_mt
recruit_character = ERI_stc
recruit_character = ERI_aa2
recruit_character = ERI_ncm
recruit_character = ERI_communist_guy
recruit_character = ERI_ncs
recruit_character = ERI_pot
recruit_character = ERI_nccr
recruit_character = ERI_fascist_guy
recruit_character = ERI_coi
recruit_character = ERI_ai2
recruit_character = ERI_democratic_guy
recruit_character = ERI_ar
recruit_character = ERI_acgs

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = conservative_democrat
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	conservative_democrat = 27
	liberal_democrat = 12
	social_democrat = 15
	fascism = 23
	radical_socialist = 2
	authoritarian_socialist = 16
	anarchist = 0
	authoritarian = 4
	monarchism = 2
}