capital = 274

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 15

recruit_character = GHA_acd2
recruit_character = GHA_communist_guy
recruit_character = GHA_acr
recruit_character = GHA_fascist_guy
recruit_character = GHA_aa2
recruit_character = GHA_democratic_guy
recruit_character = GHA_ncm
recruit_character = GHA_nt
recruit_character = GHA_awt
recruit_character = GHA_ar
recruit_character = GHA_stc
recruit_character = GHA_ai2
recruit_character = GHA_aco2
recruit_character = GHA_ncs
recruit_character = GHA_coi
recruit_character = GHA_acgs
recruit_character = GHA_acas
recruit_character = GHA_pot
recruit_character = GHA_nccr
recruit_character = GHA_mt

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = conservative_democrat
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	conservative_democrat = 60
	liberal_democrat = 10
	social_democrat = 5
	fascism = 10
	radical_socialist = 0
	authoritarian_socialist = 5
	anarchist = 0
	authoritarian = 0
	monarchism = 10
}