capital = 770

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 0

recruit_character = MLW_ar
recruit_character = MLW_nccr
recruit_character = MLW_mt
recruit_character = MLW_ai2
recruit_character = MLW_ncs
recruit_character = MLW_acr
recruit_character = MLW_aa2
recruit_character = MLW_democratic_guy
recruit_character = MLW_acgs
recruit_character = MLW_ncm
recruit_character = MLW_nt
recruit_character = MLW_acas
recruit_character = MLW_awt
recruit_character = MLW_pot
recruit_character = MLW_stc
recruit_character = MLW_acd2
recruit_character = MLW_communist_guy
recruit_character = MLW_aco2
recruit_character = MLW_fascist_guy
recruit_character = MLW_coi

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = authoritarian
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	conservative_democrat = 6
	liberal_democrat = 4
	social_democrat = 8
	fascism = 2
	radical_socialist = 2
	authoritarian_socialist = 13
	anarchist = 0
	authoritarian = 63
	monarchism = 2
}