capital = 544

oob = "MZB_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
}

set_convoys = 5

recruit_character = MZB_fascist_guy
recruit_character = MZB_coi
recruit_character = MZB_acr
recruit_character = MZB_nccr
recruit_character = MZB_ai2
recruit_character = MZB_ncm
recruit_character = MZB_acas
recruit_character = MZB_aco2
recruit_character = MZB_acd2
recruit_character = MZB_pot
recruit_character = MZB_stc
recruit_character = MZB_aa2
recruit_character = MZB_acgs
recruit_character = MZB_nt
recruit_character = MZB_communist_guy
recruit_character = MZB_ar
recruit_character = MZB_democratic_guy
recruit_character = MZB_mt
recruit_character = MZB_ncs
recruit_character = MZB_awt

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = authoritarian_socialist
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	conservative_democrat = 3
	liberal_democrat = 3
	social_democrat = 14
	fascism = 1
	radical_socialist = 3
	authoritarian_socialist = 65
	anarchist = 2
	authoritarian = 3
	monarchism = 6
}