capital = 558

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 20

recruit_character = NGA_ncs
recruit_character = NGA_pot
recruit_character = NGA_nccr
recruit_character = NGA_fascist_guy
recruit_character = NGA_coi
recruit_character = NGA_ai2
recruit_character = NGA_democratic_guy
recruit_character = NGA_ar
recruit_character = NGA_acgs
recruit_character = NGA_awt
recruit_character = NGA_acd2
recruit_character = NGA_nt
recruit_character = NGA_aco2
recruit_character = NGA_acas
recruit_character = NGA_acr
recruit_character = NGA_mt
recruit_character = NGA_stc
recruit_character = NGA_aa2
recruit_character = NGA_ncm
recruit_character = NGA_communist_guy

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = authoritarian
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	conservative_democrat = 7
	liberal_democrat = 3
	social_democrat = 2
	fascism = 10
	radical_socialist = 1
	authoritarian_socialist = 12
	anarchist = 1
	authoritarian = 63
	monarchism = 2
}