capital = 541

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 20

recruit_character = NMB_stc
recruit_character = NMB_aco2
recruit_character = NMB_aa2
recruit_character = NMB_ncs
recruit_character = NMB_nt
recruit_character = NMB_acas
recruit_character = NMB_acd2
recruit_character = NMB_democratic_guy
recruit_character = NMB_mt
recruit_character = NMB_ai2
recruit_character = NMB_coi
recruit_character = NMB_acr
recruit_character = NMB_pot
recruit_character = NMB_awt
recruit_character = NMB_communist_guy
recruit_character = NMB_ncm
recruit_character = NMB_acgs
recruit_character = NMB_nccr
recruit_character = NMB_fascist_guy
recruit_character = NMB_ar

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = authoritarian
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	conservative_democrat = 2
	liberal_democrat = 2
	social_democrat = 2
	fascism = 2
	radical_socialist = 0
	authoritarian_socialist = 2
	anarchist = 0
	authoritarian = 90
	monarchism = 0
}