capital = 440

oob = "PAK_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	transport = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Together for Victory" }

	add_to_tech_sharing_group = commonwealth_research
}

set_convoys = 20

recruit_character = PAK_acd2
recruit_character = PAK_fascist_guy
recruit_character = PAK_ncs
recruit_character = PAK_nccr
recruit_character = PAK_aco2
recruit_character = PAK_communist_guy
recruit_character = PAK_ai2
recruit_character = PAK_ar
recruit_character = PAK_coi
recruit_character = PAK_acas
recruit_character = PAK_acgs
recruit_character = PAK_aa2
recruit_character = PAK_democratic_guy
recruit_character = PAK_acr
recruit_character = PAK_stc
recruit_character = PAK_awt
recruit_character = PAK_pot
recruit_character = PAK_mt
recruit_character = PAK_ncm
recruit_character = PAK_nt

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = authoritarian
	last_election = "1935.11.14"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	conservative_democrat = 1
	liberal_democrat = 6
	social_democrat = 5
	fascism = 13
	radical_socialist = 0
	authoritarian_socialist = 8
	anarchist = 0
	authoritarian = 45
	monarchism = 12
}