capital = 523

#oob = ""

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 5

recruit_character = PNG_stc
recruit_character = PNG_aa2
recruit_character = PNG_ncs
recruit_character = PNG_nt
recruit_character = PNG_democratic_guy
recruit_character = PNG_fascist_guy
recruit_character = PNG_ai2
recruit_character = PNG_acas
recruit_character = PNG_acd2
recruit_character = PNG_pot
recruit_character = PNG_mt
recruit_character = PNG_awt
recruit_character = PNG_acgs
recruit_character = PNG_communist_guy
recruit_character = PNG_coi
recruit_character = PNG_ar
recruit_character = PNG_acr
recruit_character = PNG_nccr
recruit_character = PNG_ncm
recruit_character = PNG_aco2

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = authoritarian
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	conservative_democrat = 5
	liberal_democrat = 5
	social_democrat = 0
	fascism = 10
	radical_socialist = 0
	authoritarian_socialist = 2
	anarchist = 8
	authoritarian = 70
	monarchism = 0
}