capital = 272

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 20

recruit_character = SEN_awt
recruit_character = SEN_acd2
recruit_character = SEN_nt
recruit_character = SEN_aco2
recruit_character = SEN_acas
recruit_character = SEN_acr
recruit_character = SEN_mt
recruit_character = SEN_stc
recruit_character = SEN_aa2
recruit_character = SEN_ncm
recruit_character = SEN_communist_guy
recruit_character = SEN_ncs
recruit_character = SEN_pot
recruit_character = SEN_nccr
recruit_character = SEN_fascist_guy
recruit_character = SEN_coi
recruit_character = SEN_ai2
recruit_character = SEN_democratic_guy
recruit_character = SEN_ar
recruit_character = SEN_acgs

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = social_democrat
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	conservative_democrat = 12
	liberal_democrat = 13
	social_democrat = 47
	fascism = 3
	radical_socialist = 2
	authoritarian_socialist = 15
	anarchist = 0
	authoritarian = 8
	monarchism = 0
}