capital = 458

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 20

recruit_character = TUN_acgs
recruit_character = TUN_acr
recruit_character = TUN_stc
recruit_character = TUN_ncm
recruit_character = TUN_democratic_guy
recruit_character = TUN_communist_guy
recruit_character = TUN_coi
recruit_character = TUN_pot
recruit_character = TUN_aa2
recruit_character = TUN_awt
recruit_character = TUN_acas
recruit_character = TUN_mt
recruit_character = TUN_nccr
recruit_character = TUN_ai2
recruit_character = TUN_ncs
recruit_character = TUN_aco2
recruit_character = TUN_acd2
recruit_character = TUN_nt
recruit_character = TUN_ar
recruit_character = TUN_fascist_guy

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = monarchism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	conservative_democrat = 4
	liberal_democrat = 2
	social_democrat = 4
	fascism = 1
	radical_socialist = 1
	authoritarian_socialist = 9
	anarchist = 0
	authoritarian = 3
	monarchism = 76
}