capital = 546

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 20

recruit_character = TZN_acd2
recruit_character = TZN_fascist_guy
recruit_character = TZN_ncs
recruit_character = TZN_nccr
recruit_character = TZN_aco2
recruit_character = TZN_communist_guy
recruit_character = TZN_ai2
recruit_character = TZN_ar
recruit_character = TZN_coi
recruit_character = TZN_acas
recruit_character = TZN_acgs
recruit_character = TZN_aa2
recruit_character = TZN_democratic_guy
recruit_character = TZN_acr
recruit_character = TZN_stc
recruit_character = TZN_awt
recruit_character = TZN_pot
recruit_character = TZN_mt
recruit_character = TZN_ncm
recruit_character = TZN_nt

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = conservative_democrat
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	conservative_democrat = 65
	liberal_democrat = 8
	social_democrat = 4
	fascism = 6
	radical_socialist = 2
	authoritarian_socialist = 6
	anarchist = 0
	authoritarian = 3
	monarchism = 6
}