capital = 690

#oob = ""

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 5

recruit_character = UAE_stc
recruit_character = UAE_aco2
recruit_character = UAE_aa2
recruit_character = UAE_ncs
recruit_character = UAE_nt
recruit_character = UAE_acas
recruit_character = UAE_acd2
recruit_character = UAE_democratic_guy
recruit_character = UAE_mt
recruit_character = UAE_ai2
recruit_character = UAE_coi
recruit_character = UAE_acr
recruit_character = UAE_pot
recruit_character = UAE_awt
recruit_character = UAE_communist_guy
recruit_character = UAE_ncm
recruit_character = UAE_acgs
recruit_character = UAE_nccr
recruit_character = UAE_fascist_guy
recruit_character = UAE_ar

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = monarchism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	conservative_democrat = 3
	liberal_democrat = 2
	social_democrat = 3
	fascism = 3
	radical_socialist = 9
	authoritarian_socialist = 5
	anarchist = 0
	authoritarian = 4
	monarchism = 71
}