capital = 778

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 0

recruit_character = VOL_acd2
recruit_character = VOL_ncm
recruit_character = VOL_nccr
recruit_character = VOL_ai2
recruit_character = VOL_stc
recruit_character = VOL_pot
recruit_character = VOL_aco2
recruit_character = VOL_aa2
recruit_character = VOL_nt
recruit_character = VOL_communist_guy
recruit_character = VOL_democratic_guy
recruit_character = VOL_mt
recruit_character = VOL_acgs
recruit_character = VOL_coi
recruit_character = VOL_fascist_guy
recruit_character = VOL_ar
recruit_character = VOL_acr
recruit_character = VOL_ncs
recruit_character = VOL_awt
recruit_character = VOL_acas

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = authoritarian
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	conservative_democrat = 11
	liberal_democrat = 4
	social_democrat = 10
	fascism = 3
	radical_socialist = 2
	authoritarian_socialist = 21
	anarchist = 0
	authoritarian = 49
	monarchism = 0
}