capital = 122

#oob = ""

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
}

set_convoys = 20

recruit_character = WLS_acr
recruit_character = WLS_stc
recruit_character = WLS_awt
recruit_character = WLS_pot
recruit_character = WLS_mt
recruit_character = WLS_ncm
recruit_character = WLS_nt
recruit_character = WLS_acd2
recruit_character = WLS_fascist_guy
recruit_character = WLS_ncs
recruit_character = WLS_nccr
recruit_character = WLS_aco2
recruit_character = WLS_communist_guy
recruit_character = WLS_ai2
recruit_character = WLS_ar
recruit_character = WLS_coi
recruit_character = WLS_acas
recruit_character = WLS_acgs
recruit_character = WLS_aa2
recruit_character = WLS_democratic_guy

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = social_democrat
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	conservative_democrat = 22
	liberal_democrat = 17
	social_democrat = 42
	fascism = 2
	radical_socialist = 4
	authoritarian_socialist = 6
	anarchist = 0
	authoritarian = 2
	monarchism = 5
}