capital = 545

oob = "ZIM_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
}

set_convoys = 5

recruit_character = ZIM_acr
recruit_character = ZIM_stc
recruit_character = ZIM_awt
recruit_character = ZIM_pot
recruit_character = ZIM_mt
recruit_character = ZIM_ncm
recruit_character = ZIM_nt
recruit_character = ZIM_acd2
recruit_character = ZIM_fascist_guy
recruit_character = ZIM_ncs
recruit_character = ZIM_nccr
recruit_character = ZIM_aco2
recruit_character = ZIM_communist_guy
recruit_character = ZIM_ai2
recruit_character = ZIM_ar
recruit_character = ZIM_coi
recruit_character = ZIM_acas
recruit_character = ZIM_acgs
recruit_character = ZIM_aa2
recruit_character = ZIM_democratic_guy

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = authoritarian
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	conservative_democrat =1 
	liberal_democrat = 1
	social_democrat = 3
	fascism = 5
	radical_socialist = 1
	authoritarian_socialist = 18
	anarchist = 0
	authoritarian = 71
	monarchism = 0
}